---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Javascript Reflection
date: 2020-09-03
labels:
  - Javascript
  - Learning
---

I am not that experienced of a programmer. I've only had a few classes where I was introduced to basics of programming through languages like Java and C, 
and honestly, I don't think I really scratched the surface of the limits to what those programs can do. 

For my past experience with Javascript, I am fairly new to it, but I had a class, which I ended up dropping, that used Javascript. I mostly remember building a lot of HTML documents rather than learning what we have learned so far in this class, and my impressions of HTML was that it seemed a bit awkward to use. Learning more about Javascript in this class revealed to me that the script part of the language is very similar to Java in a lot of ways. A lot of what I learned from the Codecamp for Javascript mirrored what I learned from Java except there was more freedom when it came to initializing your variables. I'm not someone who can confidently make these judgements about the validity of programming languages since I'm so new to programming in general, but I feel that Javascript so far, from the limited exposure I've had of it, is a fine programming language.


So far, this class has given me a variety of different experiences that I feel will be useful in the future. I've only heard of Linkedin, but never really went out of my way to use it or even make an account for myself. I honestly didn't know what ti exactly expect from this class but the variety of different things that I'm using an building is very intriguing. I've never taken a class like this before. 


I find coding to be pretty fun which is why I wanted to go into this field, so these crash courses using WODS and even the coding bootcamp website was very interesting and fun to me. It is very interesting how the coding problems are being timed. I am a pretty competitive person by nature, and I've done speedrunning in video games before, so these kinds of challenges are exciting to me. 

